Finish tower placing:
    //make sure the towers can only be placed on the special square designed for towers AND if no other tower is placed there. Clear hovertower sprite from the last hovered square when esc is pressed



Finish enemies' functionality:
    //make sure the program doesn't crash when enemies reach the other side 
    //make sure there are multiple waves. When one wave reaches the end OR is defeated the other should be spawned
    //when the program starts AND inbetween waves there should be some kind of timer when enemies are not going
    //make 'next wave' button functional so that the next wave comes instantly
    //display time remaining till next wave next to the button on the UI 
    apply red filter to next wave button when it is not useable (optional)

Create a menu:
    create a menu with play and quit buttons
    make the ingame menu button functional. It should pause the game and open a menu which lets you resume and quit to the menu
    restructure the program so that there is no level array. Level class should be renamed to Game or something. Level will contain a number or waves

Create towers' functionality and make the game playable:
    make towers and everything clickable
    give tower range
    range should be displayed when towers are about to be placed and when they are selected.
    give enemies hp. Make waves different.
    make the towers functional so they shoot
    give different towers different stats
    make towers upgradable and sellable
    add money. Money should be rewarded for killed enemies
    towers shouldn't be placed or upgraded if player doesn't have enough money

Create UI text and add finishing touches:
    display score, money, lives. Score tracks enemy kills (score is optional).
    add visible enemies HP above their heads
    display all of thisb in the UI
    clean up code and remove unnecessary things
    Finish the project: add it to github and make so that anyone could download and run it, add pictures and everything in their own folders. Finish the game. 